welcome to batman v
superman dawn of justice crammed
this is the 2016 follow-up in the zack
snyder dc extended universe
that gives us a grim reimagining of the
dark knight returns graphic novel
let's go
we're given a reminder that in gotham
city a young bruce wayne watched his
parents get murdered in an alley for the
sake of martha wayne's pearls
and fleeing the funeral in his grief
discovers the bat-filled cave system
under the family manner that led to his
future identity
well in modern day it turns out that
bruce was at ground
zero in metropolis back when zod was
reformatting the planet
and he personally experienced the cost
of having supermen
duke it out in the middle of the city
heading directly into danger on instinct
to help his people but the irreparable
damage is done and the cost is
too high lois is still doing frontline
journalism in the sahara
interviewing warlords who for some
reason have a private security firm that
discover her replacement photographer
jimmy olsen
is a cia spy with a tracking device
which gets him killed
it's to allow a us drone strike pinpoint
their location that superman declines
and handles personally in order to save
lois's life
except that private security firm had
also started killing the local militia
and burning the bodies getting one of
the local women to give a false
testament
in the american senate saying that
superman was in fact
just casually murdering everyone and at
the memorial to those
lost in the fight over metropolis not
everyone
sees superman as their savior especially
bruce's former employee who lost his
legs in the attack
this threatens to stress clark and
lois's undercover relationship back home
but they managed to get over it in the
bathtub
and then twice more in the bedroom
meanwhile over in gotham police discover
a human trafficking ring but the batman
is one step ahead of him
beating the living juice out of
criminals and branding them with his
mark
back at the bat cave alfred is upgrading
his armor and bruce is hunting after
anatoly the russian from that security
firm
in order to find his boss who might be
smuggling a new weapon into the city
superman's presence in the world has
changed the stage
leaving people feeling powerless and
turning good men cruel
so he hits up an underground fighting
tournament and scans the guy's phone on
the sly
to discover he's working for billionaire
vunderkind
lex luffa see he's found some kryptonite
chunks as a result of zod's world
builder efforts and
discovering that it's lethal to
kryptonians would like to weaponize it
needing an import licence for a massive
chunk that's been fished up in the
indian ocean
the very thing that bruce was tracking
as well as also wanting some government
access to the crashed sea chip
and zod's corpse all whilst acting like
a twitchy dick
the entire time but senator finch knows
a maniac
when she sees one and blocks his efforts
to import the kryptonite
lex for some reason invites clark kent
to report on his charity benefit opening
as well as bruce wayne as a guest who
wants to be there anyway
so that he can hack into the lex corp
systems spotting a stunning lady on the
way
luffa gives an erratic crazy person
speech but
his main plan was to put bruce in the
same room as clark
who can tell that he's batman and
overhear his secret conversations with
alfred
in fact clark thoroughly dislikes the
repercussions of the batman's
increasingly cruel actions
in gotham but before he can find out
what's going on there's a factory fire
somewhere
and people that need help you see since
man of steel
people have really started to get used
to worshiping superman
as their god hero and topic of hot
debate
but instead of a colourful beacon of
hope he's taken on for role in a much
more emo kind of way
also it looks like that mystery lady
stole the lex corp data before bruce
could retrieve it
so instead batman dreams of a
post-apocalyptic omega future
where human renegades do their best to
survive and scramble up some kryptonite
only to be undone by the horrendous
otherworldly forces
that bear superman's mark as their evil
god who now kills people as a result of
the
death of lois straight on the back of
the second vision which appears to be of
a flash
trying to send a message back through
time to warn him
that lois was the key all along but he
shakes it off
and discovers from anatoly's phone data
that lex is smuggling the kryptonite
into the us
anyway bruce is convinced that someone
with the power of a god will inevitably
abuse their position
given enough time and that a way to
defeat them must be developed for the
sake of humanity
while lex via anatoly is making sure
that any criminals who bear batman's
mark
are getting killed in prison further
antagonizing
clark's sense of true justice batman
does a hard intercept for the kryptonite
shipment
in the batmobile by slingshotting cars
into each other and with standing
minigun fire to eviscerate
bad guys in the chase smashing like a
tank through buildings
cars boats and missile fire only to be
stopped at the last minute
by bouncing off of superman who's
interrupting in order to give a cease
and desist
regarding his general nighttime
activities thinking that he's saving
people from an unlawful
cruelty which robs batman the wrong way
and that mystery lady is diana prince
who's good at antiquities but
not so good at cracking the encryption
on that lexcorp data she borrowed from
bruce
returning it instead and hoping that
he'll help her find a photo that belongs
to her
among the data so lex gets his
kryptonite and is also gifted
a custom wheelchair to the disgruntled
victim who wants superman to face the
results of his
actions pleading his case to senator
finch who also
wants kal-el to come to court so after a
chat with his mum he decides to attend
and answer their questions but during
the opening speech
the senator realizes that lex is
ominously absent
but too late as the lead-lined custom
wheelchair
explodes killing everyone yet another
setup to psychologically tarnish
superman's presence and free up lex from
that pesky senate oversight
and while also being pushed by false
information planted by lex
this bombing tips batman into raiding
lexcorp
and stealing the kryptonite off-screen
in order to deal with the alien threat
himself he goes into some serious
training and uses the
awe to make custom anti-superman weapons
as well as discovering that lex had been
keeping tabs
on a number of unique individuals in
that data
including the antiquity specialist he
met earlier
so why did lex want that c chip access
from earlier
why to use the genesis chamber and zod's
corpse mixed with his own genetic dna
to break kryptonian convention and
create a super being of his own
meanwhile lois has been doing her own
investigating
following the trail of the custom
bullets but anatoly's men
used on the villagers back in the sahara
to discover with a little help from the
now secretary of defense
swanik but they lead back to lexcorp r
d and that it's in fact the same
material
used in the chair bomb lex has been
trying to undermine superman
with death wherever he goes in fact he
even goes as far as to have
martha kent and lois kidnapped so that
he can push one of them off a rooftop
in order to get superman's attention
martha is in a secret location
but even lex doesn't know and demands
that superman goes and kills batman
to tarnish his reputation otherwise
she'll be
killed and lex glories at bending a god
to his will and so with both heroes
emotionally compromised
batman in his new powered mech suit
lights his beacon
he believes that killing the god man is
the only way to spare the future of
humanity from his inevitable corruption
and won't even listen to superman's plea
to talk
interrupting him with sonic attacks and
gunfire
which is easily dealt with you see
there's quite a big gap between their
power levels
and superman is doing his best to keep
it cool
and have a conversation but batman fires
a kryptonite gas grenade
that levels the playing field as
superman breathes in the fumes
temporarily lowering the bar
so that they can both punch over it
kalel takes a pounding through the
abandoned structures
until he works for gas out of his system
and starts to get his mojo back
but not his intelligence as batman just
hits him with another dose
and then with a sink he's in fact
directing the flow of the fight
down to the lower levels and smashing
the reduced kryptonian through marble
pillars over to where he was keeping the
kryptonite spear
and in the moment of the killing blow
superman
coughs out for one reason he had come
here to save
martha this stops bruce in his tracks
and lois arrives just in time to confirm
that
martha is also his mother's name as well
and
wayne finally starts to wake up to
what's going on
the death of his own parents was the
foundation
that drove him to become the bat and he
finally sees
superman as someone with a family of his
own
and realize that this whole thing is lex
luther's doing
not to mention that his seed ship bio
experiment is now drawing power from the
rest of metropolis
so superman will head over there where
he's needed while batman promises
to save martha for him so flying in the
batwing to her location over in the port
he proceeds to batman the absolute [ __ ]
out of everyone
with a little misdirection and grim
powerful blows
viscerally taking down the entire
private military unit
and playing hide the knife before
blowing anatoly's flame tank
and covering martha from the blast lex
however
is finished cooking and announces the
birth
of doomsday a horrifically strong super
monster
that's smashing up everybody and
everything
wrecking the city with destructive
energy waves
having learned his lesson about
collateral damage superman beats it
straight up into space
and away from innocent people but rather
unhelpfully
the president of the united states takes
this as an opportunity to fire a nuclear
missile
at both of them causing the beast to
re-enter the atmosphere
and land just off the bay where it grows
only more powerful from the nuclear
energy
while superman is near death recovering
slowly
in the sun's radiation batman flies in
to get its attention
and lure it back to where that
kryptonian spear was
however doomsday is too dangerous to be
toying with
and the batwing goes down with the dark
knight
about to get roasted but he's saved at
the last moment
by wonder woman diana prince stands toe
to toe with the monster
after keeping an eye on the unfolding
events until
superman rejoins the fight and the two
godlike figures do their best
to keep the pressure up on the monster
batman's also there
but their combined power still isn't
enough
so at great cost superman retrieves for
spear from lois
even as it poisons him and whilst wonder
woman has it tied down
flies it directly into doomsday which
skewers him in return and clark instead
of evading the blow
accepts it in order to kill the monster
and save the earth again before he dies
oh my god and so the army find
lex back in the sea chip absorbing its
cosmic library
including stuff about steppenwolf and
the mother boxes he's promptly sent to
prison where he gets a haircut
while all of the world mourns for death
of superman
finally showing a little appreciation
clark ii
is mourned as lost and on the kent farm
many familiar faces come to give their
respects
to martha's son bruce and diana watch
from a distance
he failed superman in life but won't
fail him in death
they have to find the other people with
superpowers on lex
luthor's report because the bell has
already been wrong
there are other monsters out there among
the stars
that know the earth has lost its
protector
the rest have to unite and form some
sort of league
so thanks a lot for watching and i hope
you've enjoyed having batman vs superman
crammed inside of you i've just saved
you three hours of your life
so why not click that subscribe button
to help me out for free
and see more crams in the future until
next time
take care